hey guys welcome to another review ah
this review is gonna be our other friend
is look on a bank now and funny but it
ain't nothing special to but it what it
is any discussion follow me but first of
all let me show you in the box these
eyes improvements Oh puma suede the
butter oil oh here is black black black
ah follows the box I team it's really
interesting opinion I know what I don't
know why but I think dice because it's
like a new box only in the city spot
remover right here the poop all over
there what else oh hello Hannah box up
like this I winners of the secret clue
water stop let's go to the shoe I had
these the full swing yes you bring it
all black everything like the cities are
it also brings extra laces that lace is
24 days are pretty like nor I team so
let's go to the let's go pal to issue
they show that
black laces plug laces black suede all
around the Opera ah the inner lining is
all leather it also alike I like you can
see right here they also created night
and this is the meet the I made the ace
of things always pretty nice too good
they also Yokosuka also is like I got it
straight up why flight team gather like
the waffle outsole you got the puma logo
here and the Puma suit the promise why
like to know more play the name of the
shoe and all this you know yeah this is
puma logo sway Puma gain 20 now so I
think this is everything we have to show
you that also the Puma here I did this
only if you want my tissue is still
available on Keith of Pete I think I
give us closer to find everything on
external bodies is that Yahoo let me go
so then
a so let's go now the Full Faith review
liberal I see on this shoe Easter if you
had to give it a clean go see what is
also a but I I what I know the signs
thanks i was about about together so i
gotta worry with them but some people
want enough trouble to clean them oh
you very clean but I don't you know
I like wear my shoes off and with no
feet looks always hit the like button
for me please subscribe I got tons of
videos I'm going to have tons of box of
billions I'm gonna have the then we
musical ranks my baby get it ready for
your free out we all guys are for the
swamp all black I think fit a little bit
big but I got worries with our song as
for watching thanks for watching
subscribe thanks a lot